gh-134584: Eliminate redundant refcounting in JIT for `MATCH_CLASS` (#144821)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2026-02-14-15-51-16.gh-issue-134584.6WFSuB.rst

> Eliminate redundant ref-counting for ``MATCH_CLASS`` in the JIT.

Reviewer: Nit for consistency:

```suggestion
Eliminate redundant refcounting for ``MATCH_CLASS`` in the JIT.
```
